VS Code instructions to disable copilot (#234)
eecs280staff/tutorials: docs/setup_vscode_macos.md

$ code
```

### Disable AI Features

> VS Code comes with various AI features enabled by default. Using these tools to generate your code goes against our [Generative AI Policy](https://eecs280.org/syllabus.html#generative-ai-policy), so they need to be disabled.

Reviewer: Here's a another stab at it.  When we're happy, the final result should be mirrored to the VS Code Windows tutorial.

```suggestion
Disable VS Code's AI features, which are enabled by default.  We care about student learning in EECS 280 so they can develop the skills to judge Generative AI-produced code later.  It's also against the EECS 280 [Generative AI Policy](https://eecs280.org/syllabus.html#generative-ai-policy).
```

Reviewer: Your version LGTM

Author: LGTM, added it to the latest commit
